d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Core.dll
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Core.pdb
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Adapter.dll
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.dll
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Portable.dll
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Adapter.pdb
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.xml
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Portable.xml
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.resources.dll
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.Portable.resources.dll
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\obj\Debug\Teach.Core.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\obj\Debug\Teach.Core.dll
d:\Users\Yen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\obj\Debug\Teach.Core.pdb
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Util.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Util.pdb
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Transactions.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Transactions.xml
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.Transactions.resources.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Teach.Web\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Core.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Core.pdb
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Itenso.TimePeriod.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Adapter.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Util.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Portable.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Scheduler.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Transactions.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Adapter.pdb
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Util.pdb
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.xml
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Portable.xml
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Scheduler.xml
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Transactions.xml
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\de\Itenso.TimePeriod.resources.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.Portable.resources.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.Scheduler.resources.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.Transactions.resources.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\obj\Debug\Teach.Core.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\obj\Debug\Teach.Core.dll
D:\Users\Yen\Documents\GitHub\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\obj\Debug\Teach.Core.pdb
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Core.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Core.pdb
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Itenso.TimePeriod.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Adapter.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Util.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Portable.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Scheduler.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Transactions.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Adapter.pdb
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\Teach.Util.pdb
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.xml
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Portable.xml
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Scheduler.xml
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\TEC.Core.Transactions.xml
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\de\Itenso.TimePeriod.resources.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.resources.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.Portable.resources.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.Scheduler.resources.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\bin\Debug\zh\TEC.Core.Transactions.resources.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\obj\Debug\Teach.Core.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\obj\Debug\Teach.Core.dll
D:\Training\Training02\Teach.Core\obj\Debug\Teach.Core.pdb
